Lazy loaded shiki languages during syntax highlighting (#10618)
withastro/astro: .changeset/real-rabbits-bake.md

---
"@astrojs/markdown-remark": major
---

> This changes the `markdown-remark` package to lazily load shiki languages by
> default (only preloading `plaintext`). Additionally, highlighting is now an
> async task due to this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates Shiki syntax highlighting to lazily load shiki languages by default (only preloading `plaintext`). Additionally, the `createShikiHighlighter()` API now returns an asynchronous `highlight()` function due to this.
```

minor tweaks
